  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Semantic HTML are tags like <p> and <header> that help give meaning to elements to be readable for humans on a webpage.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to mmark up text on a web page so that it is readable.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribuete is more information on an element. its used in anchor href tags.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 tages are used to mark up a title of a page. it is used to make the font size suitable as a title. This should only be used once on a web page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
form and input tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Title, style, base, link, meta, script, and noscript tags.
    7. What is an id? 
an ID is a unique identifier that can only be used once per page. it is used when you need a more specificity in your html elements.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
h1-h6, p, div, section, header, footer, 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
only once.
    10. What is a class? 
a class is another identifier used to give elements a unique name. they allow us to select different elements. their specificity weight is lighter than IDs
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Div, header, section, footer, h1-h6.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
you can use the same class multiple times in a page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
_blank within your anchor tag. Example:<a href "http://google.com" target"_blank">
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
can be used to give an alternate atribute to an element in case the user cannot view an image on a page.
    15. How do I reference an id?
 anchor tag with href
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
a section is used to show that the content within is grouped, and div is used as a divider.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used as a styling tool for HTML web pages. it is the carpet, paint, and bricks of your html.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page. Example: h2{
color: blue;
text-align: center;
}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one.
a class is a lighter selecter that can be used multiple times in a page. An ID cannot be used more than once and is heavier in specificity. IDs are great for when you want to style something more specific than a class in which you may have many of in your written HTML.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
we select classes by using a "." then the name of the class. Example: .thisismyclassname {
color: purple;
}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
Example: .human p {
color: red;
}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? a parent child selector is a group of elements that are associated in a hierarchy. its used to select every element that is a child element to the parent. This would be useful to keep elements within a section organized and easy to distinguish.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? Example: 
div .sidebar {

}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo-class is a selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 
Uppercase, Lowercase, Capitalize.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
div {
border: 1px dotted black;
}